README.md, before:

# Conditional Switch

A game where you switch gravity to dodge dangerous obstacles while answering questions about conditional statements.

[What is this?](https://github.com/studioeb/Conditional-Switch?tab=readme-ov-file#what-is-this)<br>
[Why did you decide to do this?](https://github.com/studioeb/Conditional-Switch?tab=readme-ov-file#why-did-you-decide-to-do-this)<br>
[I found a bug. Where can I report this?](https://github.com/studioeb/Conditional-Switch?tab=readme-ov-file#i-found-a-bug-where-can-i-report-this)<br>
[What features are you planning on adding?](https://github.com/studioeb/Conditional-Switch?tab=readme-ov-file#what-features-are-you-planning-on-adding)<br>
[Contact Me](https://github.com/studioeb/Conditional-Switch?tab=readme-ov-file#contact-me)<br>
[Developer Information](https://github.com/studioeb/Conditional-Switch?tab=readme-ov-file#developer-information)<br>

## What is this?

This is the GitHub repository where all of the source files for this game are stored. If you are here to play, just navigate to [github.com/studioeb/Conditional-Switch/releases](https://github.com/studioeb/Conditional-Switch/releases) and follow the installation instructions for your platform. Or, alternatively, you can play the game in your browser without downloading anything here: [studioeb.itch.io/conditional-switch](https://studioeb.itch.io/conditional-switch). This version is missing the quit button and options menu because those only work in standalone, but if you just want to try the game out, I would recommend that.

## Why did you decide to do this?

This idea had been floating around in my head for a while, and I finally got around to creating it, learning a lot along the way.

## I found a bug. Where can I report this?

Great job! You can report bugs here: [github.com/studioeb/Conditional-Switch/issues](https://github.com/studioeb/Conditional-Switch/issues). This is also where you can request features and ideas for the game in the future.

## What features are you planning on adding?

I plan to add some sound, because currently there isn't any music or sound effects and those are a big part of any game. I also plan to add a personal and possibly global high score list where you can see what your past scores have been.

Thanks for reading down this far, and enjoy the game Conditional Switch!

## Contact Me

You can get in touch with me at [studioethanb@gmail.com](mailto:studioethanb@gmail.com).

## Developer Information

This was created in Unity 2022.3.16f1, and it is in IL2CPP, not mono.

Commit message:

Revise README with new version details
Updated game repository information and Unity version.

README.md, after:

# Conditional Switch

A game where you switch gravity to dodge dangerous obstacles while answering questions about conditional statements.

[What is this?](https://github.com/studioeb/Conditional-Switch?tab=readme-ov-file#what-is-this)<br>
[Why did you decide to do this?](https://github.com/studioeb/Conditional-Switch?tab=readme-ov-file#why-did-you-decide-to-do-this)<br>
[I found a bug. Where can I report this?](https://github.com/studioeb/Conditional-Switch?tab=readme-ov-file#i-found-a-bug-where-can-i-report-this)<br>
[What features are you planning on adding?](https://github.com/studioeb/Conditional-Switch?tab=readme-ov-file#what-features-are-you-planning-on-adding)<br>
[Contact Me](https://github.com/studioeb/Conditional-Switch?tab=readme-ov-file#contact-me)<br>
[Developer Information](https://github.com/studioeb/Conditional-Switch?tab=readme-ov-file#developer-information)<br>

## What is this?

This is the GitHub repository where all of the source files for this game are stored. If you are here to play, just navigate to [studioeb.itch.io/conditional-switch](https://studioeb.itch.io/conditional-switch). Previously I had builds for standalong OSes, but with the Unity exploit, I just don't want to rebuild all of them, so the only playable versio now is the WebGL version. This version is missing the quit button and options menu because those only work in standalone, though.

## Why did you decide to do this?

This idea had been floating around in my head for a while, and I finally got around to creating it, learning a lot along the way.

## I found a bug. Where can I report this?

Great job! You can report bugs here: [github.com/studioeb/Conditional-Switch/issues](https://github.com/studioeb/Conditional-Switch/issues). This is also where you can request features and ideas for the game in the future.

## What features are you planning on adding?

I plan to add some sound, because currently there isn't any music or sound effects and those are a big part of any game. I also plan to add a personal and possibly global high score list where you can see what your past scores have been.

Thanks for reading down this far, and enjoy the game Conditional Switch!

## Contact Me

You can get in touch with me at [studioethanb@gmail.com](mailto:studioethanb@gmail.com).

## Developer Information

This was created in Unity 2022.3.62f2, and it is in IL2CPP, not mono.
